Add documentation that filter tokens need to start with a % sign (#21909)
microsoft/ALAppExtensions: Modules/System/Filter Tokens/README.md

- `OnResolveDateTokenFromDateTimeFilter`
- `OnResolveTimeTokenFromDateTimeFilter`

> **Warning**  

> > Every filter token needs to start with a `%` sign as first charakter. Otherwise the events listed above might not get raised at all.

Reviewer: "character" instead of "charakter".
"Might not" or "will not/won't"?

Author: Thanks! Will correct this tomorrow. But its actually "might". At least without making this sense much longer. 

From what I saw, date filter work without % and code text filter do not. 

Maybe someone from the server team can check and verify?
@JesperSchulz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Every filter token needs to start with a `%` sign as first character. Otherwise, the events listed above will not get raised at all.
```

Using _suggestions_ here is quite convenient.

Reviewer: @mazhelez Next time I'll use suggestions for sure :) I just could not find where to add them. The 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34504100/215776407-ecb4f69b-5e93-42d6-8d31-749faea62023.png)
 symbol was unknown for me. The UI in DevOps is so much more intuitive for me when reviewing PRs ...

 Turns text that represents date formats into a valid date filter expression with respect to filter tokens and date formulas.
 Call this function from onValidate trigger of page field that should behave similar to system filters.

>  The text from which the date filter should be extracted passed as VAR. For example: "%YESTERDAY", or " 01-01-2012 ".

Reviewer: `" 01-01-2012 "` really with the leading and trailing spaces? If not, then please also change all other occurrences further below.

Author: I dont think so. Removed them
